Using diff in Mac terminal was a new command that I learned.
"diff" command showe'd the changes present in two different files of same content.
The result of diff "command" gave + and - indication on lines to shows the differentiation in lines tha were modified in the file.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Actually that would help me a lot more during development prosess, I personally work a lot on non deployment stuff, to make it stable before production. So during that process I may have to make a lot of changes to the code or completely redo and undo stuff. Being able to access the histroy of my file will help a lot in faster development and find my previous code structure easy.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Automatic saving for code files can be a better option when we are working on a single file, but manual commit are the better option for saving a project. As all IDE's provide the functionality of automatic saving which can be accessed offline. Manual saving is a better option for Version control.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because projects are made of multiple file where as GoogleDrive and Dropbox are just used to save files of user as backup like images, documents and videos.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

"git log" command gives all commit histoty of the project. "git diff" is used to find the difference in commits made in the repository.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Using version control actually plays an important role to fix a brekage in the project file by moving back to the older commit that was working and fixing the issue that caused it.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Probably i think i'll be using Git for all projects from now on once i finish this course.